My Overall Idea

## My Overall Idea

Our main character awakes in place unkown to them. Brefily exploring around they found they're outside but seem to be confied to an area. There is giant earth walls around them, but the sky can be seen above. There appears to be four exits or paths blocked by elements: A path blocked by rapid water of small river, a path blocked by rocks, a path open but a strong gust of wind unapproachable, and finally path of fire. Our character can try all they want but will be unable to go through any path. If the at any point they notice in the center of the are they find themselves in there is a symbol on the ground. They will hear a soft voice in their mind. Telling them to meditate there. They sit and close their eyes. A vision of a powerful (Wizard like character) appears before them. "Hello chosen one" the wizard says. "You have a choice to how this journey begins!" says the wizard. (Could be options for response or not dialogue option could work too). The character says "Where am I? Who am I? Who are you?". The wizard has a slight chuckle then says "Those questions are often asked by many, but definately more common for someone In your position." The wizard then continues "These answers will come with time, but I will say for now you will have no memory of your past for reason that will be revealed..." Then continues "You have been chosen for what, well that will also be releived later as well, but for now you have 4 choices in front of you of how this t... journey will begin. Make you choice and I will explain more!". Picks one of the paths (AKA Elements). Which element the character chooses will begin the element they first learn to control. After that they will discover more powers and with each element as they experiment with controlling the elements and combining the elements. There will be a display of the wizards power after a point the characters feel like they're getting a hold of things and something just puts them in there place. The wizard will help in some way showing the power they possess. Then at some point there will a moment when the wizard appears to be overpowered and destroyed. But as a last ditch effort the character is taken somewhere else. They grow and become more powerful to face this greater power. The final boss is this enemy, but ultimately this enemy is the dark/evil side of the wizard we saw earlier. Somewhere in the fight this is discoverd through the wizard speaking to the character and says this path will be the character at some point, but for now they must defeat the wizard or this great evil will be released upon the world. They win the fight as the evil wizard falls it turns back to the wizard we knew and in spiritual form the wizard tells the main character that they must find balance. They have one final choice follow the same path they did and keep this magic from the world or take a chance and allow it to go free. This will bring both good and evil power to the world, but it will be up to them to deal with it not the main character alone like him. (We could have multiple endings or pick one) The character decides one. Let's allow magic into the world, and would lead to a game with world of people who can manipulate the elements or the world stays the same and the character is alone with the fact that one day they will have choose another to defeat them when the evil becomes to much to hold within.
* * *
* * *


id: 6f44d98529a04bfd93b9981bfd820e30
parent_id: a0df1bfe4ae74edf968cfe1ba58b672f
created_time: 2021-08-20T20:48:25.993Z
updated_time: 2021-08-22T22:34:52.000Z
is_conflict: 0
latitude: 27.86760000
longitude: -82.73530000
altitude: 0.0000
author: 
source_url: 
is_todo: 0
todo_due: 0
todo_completed: 0
source: joplin-desktop
source_application: net.cozic.joplin-desktop
application_data: 
order: 0
user_created_time: 2021-08-20T20:48:25.993Z
user_updated_time: 2021-08-22T22:34:52.000Z
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
markup_language: 1
is_shared: 0
share_id: 
conflict_original_id: 
type_: 1