Will this be a character or is this a new character named by the players.

Will this be a character or is this a new character named by the players.
	- I do like the idea of this being a character we create within our world.
	
If we go with created character then I like the idea of this being a new character within the world that's being tested.
	- Either a new soul, or a being that has forgotten who they are and the world they came from while they're tested/trained to be whatever we decide.
		- A chosen champion/hero/defender of the world.
		- To defend the the character's world from an oncoming evil (which would be the end boss)
		
Do we keep it linear for actual world building or allow actual choice. Obviously the easier choice would be to make it linear and world building for our overall story. But could decide to do a mass effect bring save over thing which is probably way out of scope. I think this could be more like zelda warcraft telling a story of our new hero.

	I like the idea of this character becoming the great shifter in the end. And would choose the new hero/champion/defender in the future. Or has a divinity like thing in the end that brings the power to all or keeps things like it is now with one power wielder to defend the defenseless.

id: ac0737d273b6471a939e7d55e6526b01
parent_id: a0df1bfe4ae74edf968cfe1ba58b672f
created_time: 2021-08-20T01:07:48.392Z
updated_time: 2021-08-20T01:18:58.840Z
is_conflict: 0
latitude: 27.90910000
longitude: -82.80280000
altitude: 0.0000
author: 
source_url: 
is_todo: 0
todo_due: 0
todo_completed: 0
source: joplin-desktop
source_application: net.cozic.joplin-desktop
application_data: 
order: 0
user_created_time: 2021-08-20T01:07:48.392Z
user_updated_time: 2021-08-20T01:18:58.840Z
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
markup_language: 1
is_shared: 0
share_id: 
conflict_original_id: 
type_: 1